Adding Soroban to Stellar Fundamentals (#269)
stellar/stellar-docs: docs/fundamentals-and-concepts/list-of-operations.mdx

**Threshold**: Medium  
**Result**: `InvokeHostFunctionResult`  
**Parameters**:

| Parameters | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Host Function | HostFunction | The host function to invoke |
| Auth | Soroban Authorization Entry | Per-address authorizations for this host function. |

**Possible errors**:

| Error | Code | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| INVOKE_HOST_FUNCTION_MALFORMED | -1 | One or more of the inputs to the operation was malformed. |
| INVOKE_HOST_FUNCTION_TRAPPED | -2 | The function invocation trapped in the Soroban runtime. |
| INVOKE_HOST_FUNCTION_RESOURCE_LIMIT_EXCEEDED | -3 | The function invocation could not complete within the currently configured resource constraints of the network. |
| INVOKE_HOST_FUNCTION_ENTRY_ARCHIVED | -4 | A ledger entry required for this function's footprint is in an archived state, and must be restored. |
| INVOKE_HOST_FUNCTION_INSUFFICIENT_REFUNDABLE_FEE | -5 | The refundable Soroban fee provided was not sufficient to pay for the compute resources required by this function invocation. |

## Extend Footprint TTL

:::info

Soroban is currently live on Testnet, so this operation is only usable on Testnet.

:::

> Extend the TTL of entries for Soroban smart contracts with the `ExtendFootprintTTLOp`. This operation Extends the TTL of the entries specified in the `readOnly` footprint so they will live at least `extendTo` ledgers from last closed ledger.

Reviewer: Suggestion: it'd be nice to expand the acronym at least once! Also, it's a little confusing but even though `TTL` is relative, `extendTo` is an absolute ledger number.

```suggestion
Extend the time to live of entries for Soroban smart contracts with the `ExtendFootprintTTLOp`. This operation extends the TTL of the entries specified in the `readOnly` footprint of the transaction so that they will live at least until the `extendTo` ledger sequence number is reached.
```

Reviewer 2: Thanks! Really good call here!

Note that Soroban transactions can only contain one operation per transaction.

Learn more in the [Soroban docs](https://soroban.stellar.org/docs/fundamentals-and-concepts/state-expiration#bumpfootprintexpirationop).

**Threshold**: Medium  
**Result**: `ExtendFootprintTTLResult`  
**Parameters**:

| Parameters | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Ext | ExtensionPoint | Reserved for later use. |

> | Extend To | integer | The number of ledgers to ensure entries live on from the last closed ledger. |

Reviewer: same thing here: it's not relative it's an absolute seqnum
